[Sanae] Good morning!
How are you, Okazaki?
[groaning]
Look at my newest creations!
Wait a second, could this be...
I spent the entire Golden
Week developing these
yummy pastries.
I designed every single one
of them from cream-filled
to jam-filled.
So tell me, what do you think
of my culinary work?
[Tomoya] Actually, I think
it's the worst.
[Sanae] That's the exact same
reaction as Akio's!
[Tomoya] Where is he, exactly?
[Sanae] He left the shop just as
soon as I had pulled them out of
the oven.
His last words were,
"Sanae, you are the cutest
woman in the entire world."
"However, the pastries you make
are the worst I've ever tasted."
I was crying a moment before
you came in here,
but then I thought,
"I'll just go it alone,"
and then I pulled myself
together by my boot straps.
[Sanae] So, Okazaki, how about
tasting just one of them, huh?
[Tomoya] I don't want any.
Akio, it's impossible for me
to do it alone without you.
You were awfully quick
to perceive that.
[Sanae] I guess I'll
go look for Akio.
If you want to see Nagisa
and Fuko, they're inside.
[door opening and closing]
Well, good morning
to you, Okazaki.
How are you?
Where'd Ms. Sanae go to?
There was a telephone
call for her just now.
She went on a little
mission to find Akio.
What kind of call was it?
He was breathing heavily,
and laughing a lot,
and then he kept saying "I love
you, I love you," over and over.
[Tomoya] Isn't that
a crank call?
But he said, "Seriously,
please stop making those
starfish pastries."
So, it was Akio.
Yes, and when Fu-chan
said his name,
he started screaming
and he cut the phone line.
Well, he was declaring his
undying love to his daughter's
friend after all.
[gasp]
[Tomoya] This is...
So this is the barrier
that imprisons Fuko!
What are you talking about?
[Tomoya] Look, every time
she recovers,
her eyes greet this countless
number of starfish!
They send her back
into her fantasy.
At this rate, it will be
difficult to ever bring
her back to this reality!
And...
After several hundred years,
when a more evolved humanity
controls mankind,
a lone traveler approaches
the Furukawa home,
fallen into ruins.
[traveler] Legendary
starfish tamer,
lend us humans your power.
Appear, Fuko!
[Tomoya] Not likely to sell...
No! I think it was
very interesting.
I want to hear more
of that story.
[Tomoya] It's a joke.
But looking at it from
this perspective,
it won't be a joke for long.
Oh!
[Nagisa] Okazaki, what...
I'll pay for it later.
[Nagisa] No, it's not
like that...
[Tomoya] I messed up last time.
This is my revenge.
[smooch]
Eh...
My nose felt funny just now!
[Tomoya] Is that so?
That's strange.
And my throat is all wet
for some reason.
I finally did it,
success at last!
Okazaki, stop!
[Fuko] Here, it's a present.
Please accept it.
[Tomoya] Day after day, I'm
amazed she can keep on doing it.
She must have approached at
least half the student body
with those starfish.
Excuse me...
Excuse me, sir,
please accept this.
[student] What is this?
Okazaki, I would like
more than anything
for Fu-chan and Miss Ibuki
to finally meet.
[Nagisa] Because Fu-chan
is working so hard.
I'll go to the art room and
get more pieces of unwanted
wood, okay?
Wait a minute,
I'll go with you then.
[Nagisa] No, Okazaki, you stay
here and watch over Fu-chan.
Hey, Furukawa! Wait!
[Tomoya] I said I'd go with you!
[Fuko] Waah!
What is your problem?
Help me, Okazaki!
There are lots of people
like you chasing after me!
I'm scared!
So if these people chasing
you are like me,
why are you
asking me for help?
[Fuko] Necessity knows no law!
[Tomoya] What's wrong with you?
That's no way to ask for help!
[fanboys] Oh, Fuko!
So tell me, are you
a friend of Fuko's?
He is not! He's my enemy!
Don't say things that will
complicate matters any further.
We want to start a Fuko Fan
Club because we just
worship Fuko-chan.
[Tomoya] What kind of fan club?
[fan a] Or maybe we'll start
a support group of some
kind for us.
All of us are simply dumb-struck
by Fuko giving her beautiful
hand carved star carvings
to all sorts of kids in our
class that she didn't even know!
We thought that all of Fuko's
avid fans could possibly
help bring her new levels
of excitement to her
sister's wedding!
[Tomoya] Well, what do
you think?
[Fuko] I don't want your help.
[sobbing]
[fan b] We'll do our
best anyway!
[fan c] To be honest, we didn't
expect her to accept
us immediately.
I think all of you are
just wasting your time.
She's not the type to
be emotionally moved
by something like that.
[Fuko] That's like saying
I'm a cold and wild person.
I'm actually the type
that honors kindness.
I don't know about that. You're
pretty unsociable with me.
All of us will work our fingers
to the bone until the day Fuko
trusts all of us!
Because we are absolutely
infatuated with Fuko.
O' dear brother of Fuko,
we seek to beg your pardon.
They think you and
I are siblings.
That's terrible.
That's my line!
[Tomoya] It's true that there
are more people accepting
a starfish,
but it's only a fraction
of the total student body.
Okay, look here.
[Tomoya] It's almost
Founder's Festival.
Every year in May, we have
a mini-school festival.
Right now, every club
is busy with preparations.
Everybody's really looking
forward to it.
On the day of the festival,
students are happy and there
will be outside guests.
If we distribute them there,
there'll be more people
who will come to the wedding.
[door opening]
Hmm?
This sales meeting is for
which department store?
[Fuko] Oh, it's the guy with
the weird hair color.
You're still very rude to me.
And after I came all this
way to help you guys out.
Wait a minute, are you going
to help us, Sunohara?
Wonderful of you to volunteer.
Wait a minute, are you serious?
Of course, you know how much
I want get on
Nagisa's good side.
So, I'm joining your little
group to help you out!
[Fuko] Don't want you.
[Tomoya] Well,
goodbye, Sunohara.
Isn't that just a
bit coldhearted?!
Weird people will always
do weird things,
so there will be problems.
I know this first hand
from watching Okazaki.
You're lumping me with him?
[Youhei] Okay, then you
have a match with me!
Stop it! You know
fighting's not good!
She's right! You're going
to get kicked right into
the trash chute again!
NO! Are you saying it's a sure
thing that I'll lose to her?!
[Nagisa] You mean
a carving contest?
That conforms to sportsmanship
so I think it's a great idea.
This is not a sport you nitwit.
If I carve better than you can
carve, you have to let me in.
If not, I promise
I'll give up the idea.
That's okay with you?
Mmhmm.
Okay, the theme is...
Nue!
Nue?
[Youhei] The head of a monkey,
the body of a badger,
the tail of a snake,
and the hands and feet
look like a tiger,
a monster!
[Nagisa] Ooh.
[Fuko] Let's see...
The head of a monkey,
the body of a dog,
the tail of a pidge,
and it likes millet dumplings.
I'm sorry but there was not one
single mention of what it likes.
Oh, never mind. Ready?
Go!
[Nagisa] Okazaki?
[Tomoya] Hmm?
Do you think you and I could
see a nue if we go to the zoo?
Of course not, it's a beast
that only appears in mythology
and legend.
Oh, is that so? I thought
it might actually exist
and I really wanted to see one.
[Tomoya] This is a room
full of idiots.
[Fuko] Finished!
[Youhei] That fast?! No way!
[Youhei] What?!
[Tomoya] Th-This is...
Gyah!
And where exactly
is the nue in this?!
[Fuko] This is the best
that I could do.
[sobbing]
[Tomoya] Good job, Fuko!
If you carve something
different from the theme,
then you get zero points.
So, the win is mine.
[Youhei] Irk!
[screaming]
Sunohara's default, Fuko wins.
You could worry a little bit!
You should go to the
infirmary right away.
[Tomoya] Invite Miss Ibuki
to the Founder's Festival?
[Nagisa] Yes, I think we should.
We should invite Miss Ibuki and
arrange for them to meet.
[Tomoya] I see...
That may be a great idea.
Fuko!
Nagisa and have something
we really have to do.
How about you go on home and
we'll see you a little later?
[Nagisa] We'll return
right away.
Can she go home alone?
Don't worry, Okazaki.
I'm sure she'll be all right.
Fu-chan's a big girl.
Actually, Nagisa, she's the
exact same age as I am.
[giggle]
Someone could say you and I are
just like Fu-chan's father
and mother, aren't we?
Uh...
N-Never mind,
forget I said that,
please, please, please.
[Tomoya] Yusuke Yoshino?
[Nagisa] Are you saying that
you know him?
[Tomoya] Wait a minute,
hold on there.
Don't tell me that you're
actually the guy who's
Kouko's fiancé.
So, her student, is that what
you're telling me?
Yes, in my first year,
she was a great help to me.
We came here today because we
both wanted to invite Kouko
to the Founder's Festival.
There's something
we want to show her.
It will surely be a terrific
day full of fun and festivities.
Hmm. That's a very good idea.
Are you saying you'll come then?
Whether she goes
or not is up to her,
but somehow I think that just
hearing about it will greatly
lift her little spirits.
Good luck.
You want me to go
to the festival?
But I quit teaching at that
school three years ago.
And now the only student I know
there is you, Nagisa.
But you know some
of the teachers there.
And besides, there'll be lots
of really great games,
and food stands,
and refreshments.
[Nagisa] Oh please come;
you must!
Yes, well...
[Kouko] All right, I will.
Before the accident,
I promised my sister...
made a solemn promise
to her that I would go
to the Founder's Festival after
she entered the school.
Yes, I'll walk around and see
all the wonderful sights there,
then go tell my dear
sister about them.
[Nagisa] I-I'm sure
she'll be happy.
Eep!
Nagisa, what is wrong with you?!
[Nagisa] I'm sorry,
please excuse me.
What ever's the matter
with you, Nagisa?
[Tomoya] She probably just needs
to go to the toilet very badly.
[sniffling]
Well goodness, dear.
Would you like maybe
to use my toilet, then?
[Nagisa] I beg your pardon!
[sniffling]
[Tomoya] That was
very unnatural.
[Nagisa] I'm sorry,
I couldn't hold it in.
The fiancé seems
to be a kind person.
[sniffling]
Yeah...
[Tomoya] Getting Fuko
and Miss Ibuki to meet
will clarify
their relationship.
I wonder if my sister will ever
be able to hear my voice?
[sniffling]
[Fuko] Finally,
today is the day.
Whatever, she's working
too hard on this.
Fuko worked all through
the wee hours of the night.
[Tomoya] And now we're forcing
her awake to take her...
In the end, this is our only
choice, I guess.
Quit your bellyaching, kid.
If you were any kind
of real man,
you should be able to juggle
a girl or two without a sweat.
[Tomoya] Don't be absurd.
Please just do your best,
will you?
[Nagisa] We will!
[Tomoya] Well, we'll
be going now.
Fu-chan looks very
comfortable to me.
She may look that way,
but I think she'll say
this is the worst ever
as soon as she gets up.
Okazaki, Fu-chan doesn't
really hate you that much,
I promise you.
She actually seems to enjoy
herself quite a bit whenever
you're around.
If you ask me, she should let
her guard down more with
other people.
She always seems to have her
guard up like a frightened
little animal.
I think Fu-chan is doing
the best she can.
And I'm just certain that Miss
Ibuki will be happy when she
sees Fu-chan working so hard.
I bet you're right.
And let's make sure we all
give our congratulations
for her wedding.
We will.
Ah!
So, you're up.
Good morning.
Okazaki carried you
all the way here
on his back without
ever complaining.
Well I think that's
just terrible!
See there, I told you
she'd say something like that.
No, Okazaki, Fuko said "I think"
so it's not really that
insulting to you at all.
That's a doubtful follow-up.
[Fuko] I'm sorry.
I reflexively said
something rude to you.
I think going to the trouble
of saying "somehow" means
that you didn't really mean
to say it that way on purpose.
It must be because you were
carrying me on your back
that caused me to have
a strange dream.
It's about starfish, I bet.
Yes, as a matter of fact, I was
playing with starfish
on a pretty beach.
[giggling]
[Tomoya] Hey, Fu-chan!
Ya-hoo!
Check it out!
Okazaki's the best!
[Fuko] Then, you grabbed
my hand.
[Tomoya] What are you
doing all alone?!
Today is the Starfish Festival
you know!
[giggling]
[Fuko] So, what is the
Starfish Festival?
How would I know?!
But it sure seems like fun.
I think that's the exact spot
where you should stand at the
school festival.
I agree...
[Fuko] Here you go!
Oh!
Thank you very much for that.
It's so sweet.
[sigh]
This is...
[Nagisa] Did you make
all of this?
Of course, because all of us
wanted to support Fuko no
matter what.
Everyone who buys something
from our booth will get
an impassioned expose about
Fuko's sister's wedding day.
If you ask me, your senses
are on par with Sanae's.
Oh, Fu-chan!
[Tomoya] Stupid kid...
[Kyou] Hey, wake up.
Fuko, that outfit looks
so beautiful on you.
Why am I dressed this way and
come to think of it, when did
I come to this world?
[Tomoya] You were in a daze,
so we brought you here.
You look so cute in that
uniform, Fu-chan.
This is a joint project between
B and D classes.
The class chairmen are twins,
so they volunteered to do this,
wasn't that sweet of them both?
Fuko, I bet if you presented
them to the customers,
they're sure to accept them
without a second thought.
I don't mind helping as well.
It seems to me that you
don't have enough help.
Are you short of starfish?!
That's not what she means!
[Ryou] Sorry to keep
you waiting.
Ah, thank you.
Here! Here you go!
What's this? A coaster?
[customer] Is this a coaster?
[Fuko] No, it's not a coaster!
Look how hard
Fu-chan is working.
[Tomoya] You look like
the real thing too.
Thank you. I think that
waiting on my fellow students
can be quite a lot of fun.
Here!
[girl a] That girl's name
is Fuko, right?
[girl b] She seems to be
working hard for her sister.
She looked so cute working,
didn't she?
Looks like everything's
fine today.
Yeah, seems she became a big
school celebrity before we
knew it.
After all, she's been
doing it every day.
I have learned something
very valuable from Fuko.
I am going to look for new
Drama Club members
with just as much dedication.
And I won't ever give up.
[Nagisa] Then, we'll participate
in the School Festival, too.
Perhaps you'll be kind enough to
let me help you, my dear Nagisa.
[Nagisa] Huh?
[Tomoya] What are you doing
slipping that in there
like that?
My feelings for you are
very real, Nagisa.
Sunohara, that girl looks
like she's not doing anything.
Where? Where?
H-Hey! Hey, you!
[Youhei] Shall I show
you around?
Seems like his intentions
to you were short lived.
No, it's okay,
that's not necessary.
Oh, I don't mind.
So tell me, baby,
what school are you from?
Oof!
Hey, watch it!
Get out of my way!
She's getting away!
If you don't get out of my way,
I'll use force.
Oh, you're in for it now...
Out of my way!
Aah!
That kick, you must be Tomoyo.
[Nagisa] That's Tomoyo? The girl
who got rid of the bikers in
the school yard?
I volunteered to patrol. Just
enforce school rules against
people who would be rude
during this little get together.
[Tomoya] So,
what's with the costume?
I'm actually kind of
famous in some parts.
If I show my face, there
are some who would try
to pick a fight with me.
[Fuko] Excuse me...
Will you accept this, please?
For me?
Yes, it's a present for you.
I have to say I don't usually
accept presents from strangers.
But this looks like
it's handmade.
I receive a lot gifts from
girls, but they're not
usually handmade.
I'll accept it gratefully.
Thank you so much.
She's a very kind person.
Okazaki, what about Sunohara?
Oh, I wouldn't worry about him.
He's probably recovered and
chasing another girl.
[gasp]
[Fuko] Mitsui...?
So, have you been doing
that all this time?
Please accept one from me.
So tell me, what is the exact
date of your sister's wedding?
The date isn't set just yet.
Is that so?
[Mitsui] If it's not before
an exam, I may be able to go.
Well, I'll see you.
Please do your best.
Wasn't that nice of her?
I thought it was.
Yes...
[Fuko] Yes!
I just realized, but it's almost
time for Miss Ibuki to get here.
Yeah...
Miss Ibuki, over here!
Well, it's nice
to see you, Kouko.
We can't thank you enough
for coming, Miss Ibuki.
Well hello there, Nagisa,
and you, Okazaki.
I'm so terribly sorry,
was I a little bit late?
Oh, no.
[giggle]
[Kouko] It's been a while
since I've been here.
I was a little nervous.
The place hasn't changed,
but it is like a
different school.
Silly me, it must be because I
don't know any of the students.
[giggle]
Oh, my goodness gracious me.
I'm so silly.
That's why I was relieved
to see the two of you.
The two of us?
Yes.
Because I just can't.
[Fuko] Because my sister isn't
able to hear me from here.
I think that's why I'm here.
What's wrong?
Is there something the matter?
[Kouko] Nagisa? Okazaki?
If you would like to,
I would very much like
you to come to my sister's
upcoming wedding.
[oinking]
A starfish can do that much!
[contented cooing]
I gotta tell ya,
after you left with Nagisa,
a strange thing happened.
I'm sorry to say that I'm
not versed on animals...
I accept your challenge!
That's out and out
harassment if you ask me.